Add message content intent requirements for automod (#5079)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Change_Log.md

# Change Log

## Auto Moderation

#### Jun 17, 2022

> #### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Breaking Changes
```

> Require the `MESSAGE_CONTENT` (`1 << 15`) intent in order to receive non-empty values for the `content` field in [AUTO_MODERATION_ACTION_EXECUTION](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-action-execution) gateway events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MESSAGE_CONTENT` (`1 << 15`) intent is now required to receive non-empty values for the `content` field in [AUTO_MODERATION_ACTION_EXECUTION](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/auto-moderation-action-execution) gateway events. This matches the intended behavior for message content across the API.
```
